TacoMail Terms of Service

Effective Date: 08/21/2023

Welcome to TacoMail! These terms of service ("Terms") outline the rules and 
guidelines for using our temporary email service. By accessing or using 
TacoMail, you agree to abide by these Terms. If you do not agree with these 
Terms, please refrain from using our services.

1. Service Description

TacoMail is a temporary email service that allows users to create and use 
temporary email addresses for the purpose of receiving emails anonymously. Each 
email received on a temporary address will be automatically deleted after one 
hour.

2. User Responsibilities

2.1. Users are solely responsible for the content of the emails received and 
their usage of TacoMail. Any illegal, abusive, harmful, or inappropriate 
content is strictly prohibited.

2.2. Users are prohibited from using TacoMail for any activity that violates 
local, national, or international laws and regulations.

3. Email Storage

3.1. Emails received through TacoMail will be stored unencrypted for the 
duration of one hour. After this period, the emails will be automatically 
deleted from our servers.

3.2. Users understand and acknowledge that emails are stored temporarily and 
should not be considered a secure or permanent storage solution.

4. API Developers

4.1. TacoMail offers an API that developers can implement into their tools, 
applications, or services. By using the TacoMail API, developers agree to 
comply with these Terms and any additional guidelines provided by TacoMail.

5. Privacy and Security

5.1. TacoMail does not guarantee the privacy or security of the emails received 
through its service. Users should avoid sharing sensitive or confidential 
information through TacoMail.

5.2. Users acknowledge that it is theoretically possible for someone to access 
emails received by another user by guessing the username (email address) they 
used. Therefore, users should exercise caution and avoid using easily guessable 
usernames.

6. Reporting Abuse

6.1. Users and third parties can report abuse, violations, or any concerning 
content related to TacoMail by contacting us at contact@admin.tacomail.de. We 
will investigate such reports and take appropriate actions as necessary.

7. Limitation of Liability

7.1. TacoMail, its creators, and affiliates shall not be held liable for any 
damages, losses, or liabilities arising from the use of TacoMail, including but 
not limited to data breaches, unauthorized access, or misuse of the service.

8. Termination of Service

8.1. TacoMail reserves the right to terminate, suspend, or discontinue the 
service at any point in the future, with or without prior notice. This may be 
due to various reasons, including but not limited to changes in business 
strategies, technological advancements, legal considerations, or unforeseen 
circumstances.

8.2. In the event of the termination of the service, TacoMail shall not be 
liable for any losses, damages, or inconveniences incurred by users as a result.

9. Changes to Terms

9.1. TacoMail may update these Terms from time to time without prior notice
and without notifying its users.

10. Availability of Service

10.1. TacoMail makes reasonable efforts to maintain the availability of its 
service, but we do not guarantee uninterrupted access to our platform. Users 
acknowledge that the service may experience downtime, technical issues, or 
interruptions beyond our control.

10.2. TacoMail shall not be held responsible for any losses or damages arising 
from the unavailability of the service, including but not limited to missed 
emails, data loss, or disruptions to user activities.

By using TacoMail, you acknowledge and agree to these Terms. If you have any 
questions or concerns, please contact us at contact@admin.tacomail.de.

Thank you for choosing TacoMail for your temporary email needs!